= Tuesmon REST API
:toc: left
:numbered:
:source-highlighter: pygments
:pygments-style: friendly

== General notes
include::general-notes.adoc[]


== Endpoints Summary

=== Auth
include::login/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Applications
include::applications/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Application Tokens
include::application-tokens/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Resolver
include::resolver/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Searches
include::searches/endpoints.adoc[]

=== User storage
include::user-storage/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Project templates
include::project-templates/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Projects
include::projects/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Memberships/Invitations
include::memberships/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Milestones
include::milestones/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Epics
include::epics/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Epic status
include::epic-statuses/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Epic custom attribute
include::epic-custom-attributes/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Epic custom attributes values
include::epic-custom-attributes-values/endpoints.adoc[]

=== User stories
include::user-stories/endpoints.adoc[]

=== User story status
include::user-story-statuses/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Points
include::points/endpoints.adoc[]

=== User story custom attribute
include::user-story-custom-attributes/endpoints.adoc[]

=== User story custom attributes values
include::user-story-custom-attributes-values/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Tasks
include::tasks/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Task status
include::task-statuses/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Task custom attribute
include::task-custom-attributes/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Task custom attributes values
include::task-custom-attributes-values/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Issues
include::issues/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Issue status
include::issue-statuses/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Issue types
include::issue-types/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Priorities
include::priorities/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Severities
include::severities/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Issue custom attribute
include::issue-custom-attributes/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Issue custom attributes values
include::issue-custom-attributes-values/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Wiki pages
include::wiki/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Wiki links
include::wikilinks/endpoints.adoc[]

=== History
include::history/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Users
include::users/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Notify policies
include::notify-policies/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Contact
include::contact/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Feedback
include::feedback/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Export/Import
include::export-import/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Webhooks
include::webhooks/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Timelines
include::timelines/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Locales
include::locales/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Stats
include::stats/endpoints.adoc[]

=== Importers
include::importers/endpoints.adoc[]

[[auth]]
== Auth
include::login/summary.adoc[]

[[applications]]
== Applications
include::applications/summary.adoc[]

[[application-tokens]]
== Application tokens
include::application-tokens/summary.adoc[]

[[resolver]]
== Resolver
include::resolver/summary.adoc[]

[[searches]]
== Searches
include::searches/summary.adoc[]

[[user-storage]]
== User storage
include::user-storage/summary.adoc[]

[[project-templates]]
== Project templates
include::project-templates/summary.adoc[]

[[projects]]
== Projects
include::projects/summary.adoc[]

[[memberships]]
== Memberships/Invitations
include::memberships/summary.adoc[]

[[milestones]]
== Milestones
include::milestones/summary.adoc[]

[[epics]]
== Epics
include::epics/summary.adoc[]

[[epic-statuses]]
== Epic status
include::epic-statuses/summary.adoc[]

[[epic-custom-attributes]]
== Epic custom attribute
include::epic-custom-attributes/summary.adoc[]

[[epic-custom-attributes-values]]
== Epic custom attributes values
include::epic-custom-attributes-values/summary.adoc[]

[[user-stories]]
== User stories
include::user-stories/summary.adoc[]

[[user-story-statuses]]
== User story status
include::user-story-statuses/summary.adoc[]

[[points]]
== Points
include::points/summary.adoc[]

[[user-story-custom-attributes]]
== User story custom attribute
include::user-story-custom-attributes/summary.adoc[]

[[user-story-custom-attributes-values]]
== User story custom attributes values
include::user-story-custom-attributes-values/summary.adoc[]

[[tasks]]
== Tasks
include::tasks/summary.adoc[]

[[task-statuses]]
== Task status
include::task-statuses/summary.adoc[]

[[task-custom-attributes]]
== Task custom attribute
include::task-custom-attributes/summary.adoc[]

[[task-custom-attributes-values]]
== Task custom attributes values
include::task-custom-attributes-values/summary.adoc[]

[[issues]]
== Issues
include::issues/summary.adoc[]

[[issue-statuses]]
== Issue status
include::issue-statuses/summary.adoc[]

[[issue-types]]
== Issue types
include::issue-types/summary.adoc[]

[[priorities]]
== Priorities
include::priorities/summary.adoc[]

[[severities]]
== Severities
include::severities/summary.adoc[]

[[issue-custom-attributes]]
== Issue custom attribute
include::issue-custom-attributes/summary.adoc[]

[[issue-custom-attributes-values]]
== Issue custom attributes values
include::issue-custom-attributes-values/summary.adoc[]

[[wiki]]
== Wiki pages
include::wiki/summary.adoc[]

[[wikilinks]]
== Wiki links
include::wikilinks/summary.adoc[]

[[history]]
== History
include::history/summary.adoc[]

[[users]]
== Users
include::users/summary.adoc[]

[[notify-policies]]
== Notify policies
include::notify-policies/summary.adoc[]

[[feedback]]
== Feedback
include::feedback/summary.adoc[]

[[export-import]]
== Export/Import
include::export-import/summary.adoc[]

[[webhooks]]
== Webhooks
include::webhooks/summary.adoc[]

[[timelines]]
== Timelines
include::timelines/summary.adoc[]

[[locales]]
== Locales
include::locales/summary.adoc[]

[[stats]]
== Stats
include::stats/summary.adoc[]

[[importers]]
== Importers
include::importers/summary.adoc[]


[[contact]]
== Contact
include::contact/summary.adoc[]

== Objects Summary

[[object-attachment-detail]]
===  Attachment
include::generated/user-stories-attachments-get-output.adoc[]

[[object-application-detail]]
include::generated/applications-get-output.adoc[]

[[object-application-token-detail]]
=== Application token object
include::generated/application-tokens-get-output.adoc[]

[[object-application-token-authorization-code]]
=== Authorization code object
include::generated/application-tokens-authorize-output.adoc[]

[[object-application-token-cyphered-token]]
=== Cyphered token object
include::generated/application-tokens-validate-output.adoc[]

[[object-user-detail]]
===  User detail
include::generated/users-get-output.adoc[]

[[object-contact-detail]]
===  User contact detail
include::generated/users-contacts-output.adoc[]

[[object-auth-user-detail]]
===  User authentication-detail
include::generated/normal-login-output.adoc[]

[[object-user-stats-detail]]
===  User stats detail
include::generated/users-stats-output.adoc[]

[[object-search-results-detail]]
===  Search results detail
include::generated/search-output.adoc[]

[[object-user-storage-detail]]
=== User storage data
include::generated/user-storage-get-output.adoc[]

[[object-project-template-detail]]
== Project templates detail
include::generated/project-templates-get-output.adoc[]

[[object-project-list-entry]]
===  Project list entry
include::generated/projects-list-output.adoc[]

[[object-project-detail]]
===  Project detail
include::generated/projects-get-output.adoc[]

[[object-project-modules-detail]]
===  Project modules configuration
include::generated/projects-modules-get-output.adoc[]

[[object-project-stats-detail]]
===  Project stats detail
include::generated/projects-stats-output.adoc[]

[[object-project-issue-stats-detail]]
===  Project issue stats detail
include::generated/projects-issues-stats-output.adoc[]

[[object-project-tags-colors-detail]]
===  Project tag colors data detail
include::generated/projects-tags-colors-output.adoc[]

[[object-project-voter-detail]]
===  Project voter detail
include::generated/projects-fans-output.adoc[]

[[object-project-watcher-detail]]
===  Project watcher detail
include::generated/projects-watchers-output.adoc[]

[[object-membership-detail]]
===  Membership detail
include::generated/memberships-get-output.adoc[]

[[object-milestone-detail]]
===  Milestone detail
include::generated/milestones-get-output.adoc[]

[[object-milestone-watcher-detail]]
===  Milestone watcher detail
include::generated/milestones-watchers-output.adoc[]

[[object-milestone-stats-detail]]
===  Milestone stats detail
include::generated/milestones-stats-output.adoc[]

[[object-epic-detail]]
=== Epic detail
include::generated/epics-get-output.adoc[]

[[object-epic-detail-get]]
=== Epic detail (GET)
include::generated/epics-get-output.adoc[]

[[object-epic-detail-list]]
=== Epic detail (LIST)
include::generated/epics-list-output.adoc[]

[[object-epic-filters-data]]
=== Epic filters data detail
include::generated/epics-filters-data-get-output.adoc[]

[[object-epic-voter-detail]]
===  Epic voter detail
include::generated/epics-voters-output.adoc[]

[[object-epic-watcher-detail]]
===  Epic watcher detail
include::generated/epics-watchers-output.adoc[]

[[object-epic-status-detail]]
=== Epic status detail
include::generated/epic-statuses-get-output.adoc[]

[[object-epic-custom-attribute-detail]]
=== Epic custom attribute detail
include::generated/epics-custom-attributes-get-output.adoc[]

[[object-epic-custom-attributes-values-detail]]
=== Epic custom attributes values detail
include::generated/epics-custom-attributes-values-get-output.adoc[]

[[object-epic-related-user-story-detail]]
=== Epic related user story detail
include::generated/epics-related-user-story-get-output.adoc[]

[[object-userstory-detail]]
=== User story detail
include::generated/user-stories-get-output.adoc[]

[[object-userstory-detail-get]]
=== User story detail (GET)
include::generated/user-stories-get-output.adoc[]

[NOTE]
neighbors is a read only field

[[object-userstory-detail-list]]
=== User story detail (LIST)
include::generated/user-stories-list-output.adoc[]

[[object-userstory-filters-data]]
=== Issue filters data detail
include::generated/user-stories-filter-data-output.adoc[]

[[object-userstory-voter-detail]]
===  User story voter detail
inlcude::generated/user-stories-get-voters-output.adoc[]

[[object-userstory-watcher-detail]]
===  User story watcher detail
inlcude::generated/user-stories-get-watchers-output.adoc[]

[[object-userstory-status-detail]]
=== User story status detail
include::generated/user-story-statuses-get-output.adoc[]

[[object-point-detail]]
=== Point detail
include::generated/points-get-output.adoc[]

[[object-userstory-custom-attribute-detail]]
=== User story custom attribute detail
include::generated/user-stories-custom-attributes-get-output.adoc[]

[[object-userstory-custom-attributes-values-detail]]
=== User story custom attributes values detail
include::generated/user-stories-custom-attributes-values-get-output.adoc[]

[[object-task-detail]]
=== Task detail
include::generated/tasks-get-output.adoc[]

[[object-task-detail-get]]
=== Task detail (GET)
include::generated/tasks-get-output.adoc[]

[[object-task-detail-list]]
=== Task detail (LIST)
include::generated/tasks-list-output.adoc[]

[[object-task-filters-data]]
=== Task filters data detail
include::generated/tasks-filters-data-output.adoc[]

[[object-task-voter-detail]]
===  Task voter detail
include::generated/tasks-voters-output.adoc[]

[[object-task-watcher-detail]]
===  Task watcher detail
include::generated/tasks-watchers-output.adoc[]

[[object-task-status-detail]]
=== Task status detail
include::generated/task-statuses-get-output.adoc[]

[[object-task-custom-attribute-detail]]
=== Task custom attribute detail
include::generated/tasks-custom-attributes-get-output.adoc[]

[[object-task-custom-attributes-values-detail]]
=== Task custom attributes values detail
include::generated/tasks-custom-attributes-values-get-output.adoc[]

[[object-issue-detail]]
=== Issue detail
include::generated/issues-get-output.adoc[]

[[object-issue-detail-get]]
=== Issue detail (GET)
include::generated/issues-get-output.adoc[]

[[object-issue-detail-list]]
=== Issue detail (LIST)
include::generated/issues-list-output.adoc[]

[[object-issue-filters-data]]
=== Issue filters data detail
include::generated/issues-filters-data-get-output.adoc[]

[[object-issue-voters-detail]]
=== Issue voters detail
include::generated/issues-voters-output.adoc[]

[[object-issue-watcher-detail]]
===  Issue watchers detail
include::generated/issues-watchers-output.adoc[]

[[object-issue-status-detail]]
=== Issue status detail
include::generated/issue-statuses-get-output.adoc[]

[[object-issue-type-detail]]
=== Issue type detail
include::generated/issue-types-get-output.adoc[]

[[object-priority-detail]]
=== Priority detail
include::generated/priorities-get-output.adoc[]

[[object-severity-detail]]
=== Severity detail
include::generated/severities-get-output.adoc[]

[[object-issue-custom-attribute-detail]]
=== Issue custom attribute detail
include::generated/issues-custom-attributes-get-output.adoc[]

[[object-issue-custom-attributes-values-detail]]
=== Issue custom attributes values detail
include::generated/issues-custom-attributes-values-get-output.adoc[]

[[object-wiki-detail]]
=== Wiki page
include::generated/wiki-get-output.adoc[]

[[object-wiki-watcher-detail]]
===  Wiki page watcher detail
include::generated/wiki-watchers-output.adoc[]

[[object-wiki-link-detail]]
=== Wiki link
include::generated/wiki-links-get-output.adoc[]

[[object-history-entry-comment-detail]]
=== History entry comment
include::generated/user-stories-get-comment-versions-output.adoc[]

[[object-history-entry-detail]]
=== History entry
include::generated/user-stories-get-history-output.adoc[]

[[object-notify-policy-detail]]
=== Notify policy
include::generated/notify-policies-get-output.adoc[]

[[object-feedback-detail]]
=== Feedback
include::generated/feedback-output.adoc[]

[[object-export-synch]]
=== Export detail for synch mode
include::generated/projects-export-output.adoc[]

[[object-export-accepted]]
=== Export accepted response
include::export-import/detail-export-accepted.adoc[]

[[object-import-accepted]]
=== Import accepted response
include::export-import/detail-import-accepted.adoc[]

[[object-webhook-detail]]
=== Webhook
include::generated/webhooks-get-output.adoc[]

[[object-webhook-log-detail]]
=== Webhook log
include::generated/webhooklogs-get-output.adoc[]

[[object-timeline-detail]]
=== Timeline entry detail
include::generated/projects-timeline-get-output.adoc[]

[[object-locale-detail]]
=== Locale
include::generated/locales-output.adoc[]

[[object-watched-detail]]
=== Watched
include::generated/users-watched-output.adoc[]

[[object-liked-detail]]
=== Liked
include::generated/users-liked-output.adoc[]

[[object-voted-detail]]
=== Voted
include::generated/users-voted-output.adoc[]

[[object-contact]]
=== Contact
include::generated/contact-create-output.adoc[]

[[object-discover-stats]]
=== Discover stats
include::generated/stats-discover-output.adoc[]

[[object-system-stats]]
=== System stats
include::generated/stats-system-output.adoc[]

[[object-importers-trello-auth-url]]
=== Importer Trello Auth Url
include::generated/importers-trello-auth-url-output.adoc[]

[[object-importers-trello-auth-token]]
=== Importer Trello Auth Token
include::generated/importers-trello-authorize-output.adoc[]

[[object-importers-trello-list-users]]
=== Importer Trello list users
include::generated/importers-trello-list-users-output.adoc[]

[[object-importers-trello-list-projects]]
=== Importer Trello list projects
include::generated/importers-trello-list-projects-output.adoc[]

[[object-importers-trello-import-project]]
=== Importer Trello import project
include::generated/importers-trello-import-project-output.adoc[]

[[object-importers-github-auth-url]]
=== Importer Github Auth Url
include::generated/importers-github-auth-url-output.adoc[]

[[object-importers-github-auth-token]]
=== Importer Github Auth Token
include::generated/importers-github-authorize-output.adoc[]

[[object-importers-github-list-users]]
=== Importer Github list users
include::generated/importers-github-list-users-output.adoc[]

[[object-importers-github-list-projects]]
=== Importer Github list projects
include::generated/importers-github-list-projects-output.adoc[]

[[object-importers-github-import-project]]
=== Importer Github import project
include::generated/importers-github-import-project-output.adoc[]

[[object-importers-jira-auth-url]]
=== Importer Jira Auth Url
include::generated/importers-jira-auth-url-output.adoc[]

[[object-importers-jira-auth-token]]
=== Importer Jira Auth Token
include::generated/importers-jira-authorize-output.adoc[]

[[object-importers-jira-list-users]]
=== Importer Jira list users
include::generated/importers-jira-list-users-output.adoc[]

[[object-importers-jira-list-projects]]
=== Importer Jira list projects
include::generated/importers-jira-list-projects-output.adoc[]

[[object-importers-jira-import-project]]
=== Importer Jira import project
include::generated/importers-jira-import-project-output.adoc[]

[[object-importers-asana-auth-url]]
=== Importer Asana Auth Url
include::generated/importers-asana-auth-url-output.adoc[]

[[object-importers-asana-auth-token]]
=== Importer Asana Auth Token
include::generated/importers-asana-authorize-output.adoc[]

[[object-importers-asana-list-users]]
=== Importer Asana list users
include::generated/importers-asana-list-users-output.adoc[]

[[object-importers-asana-list-projects]]
=== Importer Asana list projects
include::generated/importers-asana-list-projects-output.adoc[]

[[object-importers-asana-import-project]]
=== Importer Asana import project
include::generated/importers-asana-import-project-output.adoc[]

[[object-importers-task-accepted]]
=== Importer Import project task accepted
include::importers/importers-task-accepted.adoc[]

== Contrib plugins

Tuesmon allows adding features through contrib plugins, each plugin can add new
API endpoints, and has its own documentation.

Current supported contrib plugins that adding endpoints:

* tuesmon-contrib-slack: Slack integration
  (link:http://tuesmoncom.github.io/tuesmon-contrib-slack/dist/index.html[documentation])
* tuesmon-contrib-hall: Hall.com integration
  (link:http://tuesmoncom.github.io/tuesmon-contrib-hall/dist/index.html[documentation])
